README.md, before:

# Restaurant Reviews App

## Introduction.

This is a project for the Udacity Front-End Web Developer
Nanodegree program. The objective of the project is to 
take an app that is not working very well and make it fully
responsive and accessible to users for all type of devices. 
App should also be able to work when network connection
is down or poor.

## App Description.

User can select from a range of cuisines and neighbourgoods 
and a number of restaurants suggestions appear according to 
selections. Uppon selecting a specific restaurant user receives
info for the restaurant such as address, cuisine, oppening hours,
other user reviews and ratings. 

## Running the App

1. Clone the GitHub repository localy.

2. Go into the repository folder and switch comments in code of

	1. js/dbhelper.js
	2. index.html
	3. restaurant.html

files in order to be able to run app in local server. The code
was modified in order to run the app in GitHub pages.

3. Project needs a local server to run. 
	1. Open a bash command line window in the repository folder. 
	2. Check if python is installed in your computer by typing `python -V` or `py -V`. If you don't have Python installed, navigate to Python's [website](https://www.python.org/) to download and install the software.
	3. If you have Python 2.x, spin up the server with `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000` (or some other port, if port 8000 is already in use.) For Python 3.x, you can use `py -m http.server 8000` or `python3 -m http.server 8000`.

4. When you have a server up and running, open your browser and
visit the site: `http://localhost:8000`.

## Dependencies

The starter code for this project is based on the Udacity repository
(https://github.com/udacity/mws-restaurant-stage-1)

### Leaflet.js and Mapbox:

This repository uses [leafletjs](https://leafletjs.com/) with [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/). Mapbox is free to use, and does not require any payment information. 

## License

This code is distributed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

feat: change comments to run on github pages

README.md, after:

# Restaurant Reviews App

## Introduction.

This is a project for the Udacity Front-End Web Developer
Nanodegree program. The objective of the project is to 
take an app that is not working very well and make it fully
responsive and accessible to users for all type of devices. 
App should also be able to work when network connection
is down or poor.

## App Description.

User can select from a range of cuisines and neighbourgoods 
and a number of restaurants suggestions appear according to 
selections. Uppon selecting a specific restaurant user receives
info for the restaurant such as address, cuisine, oppening hours,
other user reviews and ratings. 

## Running the App

1. Clone the GitHub repository localy.

2. Go into the repository folder and switch comments in code of

	1. js/dbhelper.js
	2. index.html
	3. restaurant.html

files in order to be able to run app in local server. The code
was modified in order to run the app in GitHub pages.

3. Project needs a local server to run. 
	1. Open a bash command line window in the repository folder. 
	2. Check if python is installed in your computer by typing `python -V` or `py -V`. If you don't have Python installed, navigate to Python's [website](https://www.python.org/) to download and install the software.
	3. If you have Python 2.x, spin up the server with `python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8000` (or some other port, if port 8000 is already in use.) For Python 3.x, you can use `py -m http.server 8000` or `python3 -m http.server 8000`.

4. When you have a server up and running, open your browser and
visit the site: `http://localhost:8000`.

5. App is currently running on Github Pages. Change comments
in index.html, restaurant.html and dbhelper.js to run localy.

## Dependencies

The starter code for this project is based on the Udacity repository
(https://github.com/udacity/mws-restaurant-stage-1)

### Leaflet.js and Mapbox:

This repository uses [leafletjs](https://leafletjs.com/) with [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/). Mapbox is free to use, and does not require any payment information. 

## License

This code is distributed under the MIT license.
